in law school you're always working you
are always working from the time you get
up to the time you go to bed you are
reading you are you are trying to make
summaries you're trying to do briefs
here it's a whole consuming part of your
life it's it's just a daunting exam very
daunting and nothing in your undergrad
really prepares you for it
like regardless of what you take I was a
philosophy major and the stereotype I
think is just that certain degrees have
the leg up for some reason that wasn't
the case with me at least so whatever
you're taking you're going to be sure to
find the outside of a bit of a shock
from there your application is really
long you have to you have to convince
the law school that you are someone who
is who's got initiative someone who has
a fair bit of leadership and academic
skills and qualifications some
professors especially at Western are
renowned for using this what's called
the Socratic method the Socratic method
is where the teachers will not issue a
single decorative statement all semester
they won't tell you anything what
they'll do is they'll stand up there and
they'll basically say if anybody has
questions let them let us know because
that's it you know and the whole class
is them firing off question after
question at their students trying to get
out the knowledge that you're supposed
to have and perhaps what they'll do is
they'll take a scenario they'll give
that scenario to the class and they say
what is the what should be the outcome
or what is the principle and you know
after the whole awkward silence and the
whole you know no one answering someone
will someone will you know put in their
answer
then it kind of opens the teacher up to
start interrogating what they'll do is
then they'll begin to change the
scenario slightly and they'll issue the
question again does the same facts apply
or does the same does the same outcome
apply and then they'll keep changing it
each time trying to get more and more
out of the student and they'll never
tell you if you're right it'll never
tell you if you're wrong they'll never
tell you if you've got it that's what my
property class is like there are fun
times you're then first year you're put
with a small group at Western and it's
really cool because you get to you get
to hang out with the same group of
people for all your classes and you know
you kind of do law school
with them throughout the entire year for
the entire first year that's a really
good thing so it gives you a chance to
kind of go through everything all
together you go through all the same
assignments you go through all the same
you know ups and downs basically if you
get in he'll be fun I mean they can't
beyond the failure rate in Ontario law
schools is nothing nobody fails once you
get in so at least that's what I've
heard